‘mytuna’ is a little organiser for stringed instruments tunings, note recognition, and with the included sine wave tone generator, it can be used as a signal generator for DIY projects. Support iCloud Drive and CSV file format to share, merge and edit the entire Tunings Library with your favourite spreadsheet.

PITCH RECOGNITION

Use the incorporated microphone or an external audio interface to feed an audio signal in. ‘mytuna’ displays the recognised note and octave in real time on a gauge with the relative distance in cents of semitone from the nearest standard note. The sensitivity threshold can be manually adjusted using a slider for better results.

REFERENCE TONE GENERATION

Plays a tone at a given note frequency to ear-tune stringed instruments or feed the signal to your Arduino project via the headphone jack (when still applicable).

TUNINGS LIBRARIAN

Keep your favourite tunings always accessible with the integrated App database to edit and create your personal tunings.

STRUMMING ARPEGGIATOR

Ear a preview of the tuning notes as if strummed on a real guitar. The integrated arpeggiator will adapt its “noodling” accordingly to the given pitches.

PLAY TRANSPOSE

If active will transpose the playing notes one octave higher.

SPEAKERPHONE OUTPUT

Toggles the integrated speakerphone sound on iPhones only. When it is active, the device’s proximity sensor will instantly nearly zero the output volume.

IMPORT AND EXPORT

The internal Tunings Library of ‘mytuna’ can be exported and imported back using the CSV (Comma Separated Values). The CSV format generated by ‘mytuna’ actually uses the semicolon “;” as field delimiter so you should adhere to this convention when importing the tunings back. Existing tunings will be updated with the imported ones.


DEFAULT TUNINGS

There is a collection of tunings already present into ‘mytuna’ you can restore and edit anytime as you wish.

CREDITS

The ‘mytuna’ logo and all the graphics and UI elements in ‘mytuna’ are designed by Lucaji. All rights reserved.

Kind thanks to http://www.manifestocyberzen.it for picking the ‘mytuna’ name and the kind support.

(c) Copyright 2018 Lucaji.
All Rights Reserved.

http://lucaji.github.io

